From: Jeff Fuller 
Date: 11/12/2014 11:49 (GMT-05:00) 
To: Jean Luc Brunel 
Subject: RE: New York 

Jean Luc, 
I am really sorry you feel so bad and I know it has been a mental and psychological frustration. As you 
know I chose to partner with you due to your reputation in the business for being a top scout and 
developing a couple world class agencies in the past. I knew what you could bring and I knew what I 
could bring and contribute and I thought it would be a great partnership. Clearly, I never expected to 
have the level of challenges we have had recruiting new models over the last several years. I could have 
never foreseen the problem of your friendship with Jeffrey Epstein turning into the situation it has 
where you are seen as guilty by association when you have never done anything or even been convicted 
of a crime. Frankly, I don't understand the necessity for Conchita Sarnoff or anyone else to continue to 
defame your name and MC2 by association. 
It is true that we constantly have to justify ourselves when recruiting new models. The industry is 
extremely competitive and as a parent myself if faced by the same information and having to make a 
tough decision between too agencies I would not pick MC2 if I saw the article online about you. You 
have to read closely to see there is not a charge against you but the implication is strong and of course 
now days everyone believes everything they read online even more than the traditional newspapers of 
the past. 
I know you are now feeling like a liability to MC2. But you personally are not a liability to MC2 but this 
published information online is a liability. We are not a large enough company, nor do we have the 
capacity to fight this on a global level. On a google search in America we have put enough information 
online to not have it popping up so blatantly but we have no controls over the rest of the world or the 
finances to control this situation and we are affected as every major model agency recruits it's best 
models from all the various countries abroad. This has stunted our growth and our billing over the past 
6 or 7 years. In fact, we do not even know who avoids us based on finding this information. I have been 
surprised how challenging it is for us to grow due to this problem. 
I have also had a tremendous amount of worries from our clients that we are vendors for that are large 
American corporations likes Kohls, JC Penney, Sears, Nordstrom, Target, Neiman Marcus, Macys, Saks, 
Belk, and so forth that require vendor agreements and for us to be considered an upstanding 
company. It really worries me as some of those companies have disassociated themselves from what 
they believe to be questionable companies. So far that has not been a problem but it could come up in 
the future. 
The fact that you are requested for so many scouting events in various countries and cannot promote 
yourself properly to promote MC2 in the press due this problem has it's own sent of repercussions in 
terms of our global branding. In short, it has had a terrible effect on MC2 all around. I really urge you 
to solve this problem and get this removed from the internet so we can grow for the future. I've fought 
for MC2 and been extremely loyal but I must confess that I have even been feeling inadequate and 
questioning my ability as the leader of the organization. I can only attribute the fact that we have 
scraped by in the recession and barely survived in the past to your hard work, my hard work, and the 
tenacity of both of us combined. 
I can only imagine that if I am feeling inadequate and frustrated over a lack of growth of our company 
that you must feel even worse as you have had much greater success in your career and have operated 
at much higher standards in our industry in all areas from reputation, respect, admiration and monetary 
gains. I can even surmise you are probably feeling a level of depression and I have seen it in your highs 
and lows and when you have voiced your frustration. While I know you well and recognize you don't 
really go for the kind of advice I will offer; however, I think you should at least speak to someone neutral 
such as a therapist or a counselor to let your frustrations out and if you don't feel better and are still 
feeling down or depressed to see a medical doctor for your condition. You are such a positive person I 
hate to see you fighting what you feel is a hopeless battle. It is not hopeless you just need find a way to 
get that information offline and begin to repair your reputation. In the end I am afraid the damages are 
a lot more than you realize but let's keep fighting and moving forward as we have no choice. 
Thanks, 
Jeff 
Jeff Fuller 
President 
MC2 Model Management USA 

